THIS IS FOR BUILDING A MENTAL FRAMEWORK FOR HOW I WANT THE BOT TO WORK.
	This is not necessarily how the bot works now (like, at all).

Keywords to be familiar with:
Standing Army - A players army - their tile count. This is the maximum amount of army they could possibly attack or defend with, since they must leave 1 army on each tile they own.



Things that are inherently BAD and assumptions are made below to assume you are avoiding them:
	Engaging multiple players at the same time in FFA.
		By extension, encountering multiple players early on in FFA.
	Expanding away from a player you know (or expect) is engaging you.
		- Need to keep your army (and your army producers, tiles and cities) between you and the opponent where possible.
	Allowing an enemy onto your territory and letting them see tiles they haven't previously discovered.
		- Need to stop enemy attacks as early as possible
	Leaving enemy tiles near your general, especially if they are on a potential optimal attack patch from an enemy location.
	Taking a neutral city and immediately losing control of it.
		By extension, taking a city when you know enemy has been gathering but hasn't launched an attack yet.
		- Should only take cities you can keep, and if safe gather hard to them if an enemy knows they are there.
		- Should take a city after you know an enemy has just expended some army, eg onto your territory, and run out of gathered army.
			- This is good timing to take a city because you know the enemy can't immediately all in on your general or on your new city.
	Allowing for alternate attack paths through the fog from the enemy location.
		- You should at least have tendrils off from your general in enough directions to provide vision to warn in time of incoming attacks through alternate pathways.


Things that should trigger you to be aggressive:
	Opponent has significantly more tiles than you but less standing army
		- They may be overexpanding and opening themselves up to an attack on their general.
	Similarly, opponent takes a city and has less standing army than you.
		- Three options: (distance to enemy, )
			Attack for King
			Attack and take and hold their city
			Take a city of your own
	[12:46 AM] Ethryn: i think the larger land advantage the opponent has, the earlier you attack
	[12:46 AM] Ethryn: at least that's how i do things

Things that should trigger you to take cities

First 25:
	Expand optimally. 
	(FFA) Expand towards edges, try to expand in only one direction to avoid multiple player encounters.
	If a player is encountered:
		there is almost 0 chance of them hurting you. However continue expanding near them, but on empty tiles.
		